Document IAM policy for s3, move s3 info to dedicated page (#367)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/configuration/_index.md

```

## [Storage](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/blob/master/tempodb/config.go)

> The storage block is used to configure TempoDB.  It supports S3, GCS, local file system, and optionally can use memcached for increased query performance.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The storage block is used to configure TempoDB. It supports S3, GCS, local file system, and optionally can use memcached for increased query performance.  
```

> The example below shows common options.  For platform specific options see the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows common options.  For platform-specific options refer to the following:
```
